Hello Hello Friends Welcome to the YouTube channel
Life Insurance Today we will see how to check the premium of
private car policy on the portal of ICICI Lottery
and first of all we will
set the car in motor insurance, if it is an old Rover then
we will select both, now get full
code, your complete form will come up,
inside this we will click on details, first of all we have to
enter the registration number and
click on get started, then it will automatically fill some details,
in the meantime
for some more details but many times the
RTO does not take it, so we have to tell the RTO date of
station and science model, after
picking up all these details in it,
now we just have to set the ID,
a boy died due to alt Idea Forest 1000,
we click on continue, from this the
customer will click on submit, this ID will be
submitted inside it
and after that we will enter Europe Manufacturing,
you have to give 100 feet cover after
affair, so we will look at this thing carefully,
three things are daily compulsory in it that is
fasting road distance id yo
yo depression cover and consumables cover,
these three things  Only when we give it, after 5 years, the
withdrawal definition and
consumer table cover will be taken inside the reach. If we
remove any one of these things, then
zero depression cover will not come in the policy calculation. So
218 has happened that
and tell me, if
we have done more, then Vijendra ID will go
next to the idea. Its famous will be taken
and this, which is noisy in Naimish, this cream
with dedication and condemable covered has been
looted. Look, inside this, Maximize Back
Relax was playing in chief till 1978. Now we will
add it in bread and
electronic 9760 so that it will
not go for approval and the policy will be made without approval.
If your video is more, then
you can enter and talk to your fund manager and
use it. You will have to
put VS Kochi copy in this fort so that
if we get the value,